Operator    Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Finisar Corporation announces third quarter results conference call. Just a quick reminder, today's call is being recorded.      And now at this time, I'll turn things over to Jerry Rawls, Chairman and CEO.      Jerry S. Rawls  Co-Founder, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer    Thank you, Karen, and good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate your taking time to listen to our conference call today. A replay of this call should appear on our website within 8 hours. An audio replay will be available for 2 weeks by dialing 1 (855) 859-2056 for domestic, or 1 (404) 537-3406 for international. Enter the conference ID number 59806101.      I need to remind all of you that any forward-looking statements in today's discussion are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are discussed at length in our annual and quarterly SEC filings. Actual events and results could differ of materially from any forward-looking statements. In addition, the company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking information presented. Unless otherwise indicated, all results discussed are on a non-GAAP basis. A complete reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP results may be found in our earnings press release and in the Investor Relations Section of our website.      We have prepared some slides for today's earnings call. You can view them by connecting to the Investor Relations page of our website at finisar.com, click on Investors and scroll down to Webcast Archives and click. You will see's a listing for today's third quarter 2017 earnings call.      I am pleased to announce that Finisar achieved another all-time quarterly record for revenues and profits in our third quarter. Revenues were $380.6 million, an increase of $10.7 million or 2.9% over the second quarter and 23.1% over the third quarter a year ago. This growth was primarily from strong demand for our 100-gigabit per second transceivers. In addition, customer demand for wavelength-selective switches and ROADM line cards continue to be strong.      And I'm going to let Kurt take over and review the rest of the numbers for you. Kurt?      Kurt Adzema  Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance    Thanks, Jerry. Sales of datacom products increased by $7.3 million or 2.8% compared to the second quarter. This increase is primarily due to higher sales of 100-gigabit transceivers. Sales of 100-gigabit transceivers for datacom applications increased approximately 9% compared to the second quarter and more than 110% over the third quarter of the prior fiscal year. Sales of telecom products increased by $3.5 million or 3.2% compared to the second quarter. This increase was due to higher sales of wavelength-selective switches and ROADM line cards, primarily to our Chinese OEM customers.      In the second quarter we had 2 10% or greater customers. Our top 10 customers represented 57.4% of total revenues compared to 57.9% in the second quarter.      Non-GAAP gross margin was 37% compared to 37.2% in the second quarter. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $70.5 million compared to $69.4 million in the prior quarter. Non-GAAP operating expenses as a percent of revenue decreased to approximately 18.5% of revenue compared to 18.8% in the second quarter. Non-GAAP operating income was $70.4 million or 18.5% of revenues compared to $68.3 million or 18.5% of revenue in the second quarter. Non-GAAP operating -- non-GAAP income was $67.2 million or $0.59 per diluted share compared to $65.2 million or $0.58 in the preceding quarter.      Average diluted shares for non-GAAP purposes totaled 114.9.      Interest and other income was approximately $900,000 in the third quarter and is expected to be approximately $1.3 million in the fourth fiscal quarter.      Non-GAAP taxes for the third quarter were approximately $4.1 million. Non-GAAP taxes for the fourth fiscal quarter are estimated to be approximately 5%. Non-GAAP taxes for fiscal '18 are estimated at approximately 6%.      Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased by $588 million to one point -- approximately $1.2 billion at the end of the third quarter compared to $626.3 million at the end of the second quarter. This increase is primarily due to the issuance of $575 million of 0.5% convertible notes due in December 2036, which yielded net proceeds of $569.3 million. Excluding those net proceeds, cash would have increased $18.7 million during the quarter.      Capital expenditures were approximately $42 million in the third quarter and are expected to be approximately $50 million in the fourth fiscal quarter. The increase in capital expenditures in the fourth quarter will be driven by the expansion of capacity in our VCSEL laser fab in Allen, Texas to enable us to pursue new 3D sensing opportunities for consumer applications. In addition, at the beginning of the fourth quarter, we acquired the rights to a parse of land adjacent to our current manufacturing facility in Wuxi, China. In the fourth quarter, we expect to start the construction of a building on this site, whose primarily use will be manufacturing. We expect the construction of this building will be completed in the second half of calendar 2018.      Capital expenditures for fiscal '18 are estimated to be approximately $35 million to $40 million per quarter. Weighted average fully diluted shares for the fourth fiscal quarter are expected to be approximately 115.5 million for non-GAAP purposes. Excluded from our non-GAAP results a number of charges or benefits that were either noncash or we consider outside of our core ongoing operating results. These totaled $20.8 million last quarter. If you included all these items as required under GAAP, we generated net income of $46.4 million or $0.40 per diluted share compared to net income of $48.8 million or $0.43 per diluted share in the second quarter.      The concludes my comments and I'll turn it back to Jerry.      Jerry S. Rawls  Co-Founder, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer    Thanks, Kurt. We expect our revenues for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2017 will be between $360 million and $380 million. Datacom revenues should grow by approximately $5 million, mostly from continued growth of 100-gigabit QSFP28 transceivers. This will be partially offset by lower sales of 10 gigabit and below short wavelength transceivers.      We expect telecom revenues to decline by approximately $15 million mostly from 3 factors: annual telecom price reductions, seasonality associated with Chinese New Year, and lower revenue from our 100-gig CFP transceivers in China.      We expect fourth quarter non-GAAP gross margins will be approximately 36%, primarily due to the impact of the telecom price reductions and our expectation of lower levels of revenue.      Fourth quarter operating expenses will be approximately $70 million. Non-GAAP operating margins will be approximately 17%. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share should be from $0.50 to $0.56.      We are optimistic about fiscal year 2018. We believe our revenues will grow again starting from the first quarter. We expect continued growth from the sales of 100-gigabit QSFP28 transceivers, mostly for hyperscale data centers. We are currently sold out on this product, and despite our continuing to add capacity, we expect that sold-out situation to last at least through the end of calendar year 2017.      In addition, we expect to finally achieve qualification in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 for both our 100-gigabit coherent CFP2 ACO transceiver and our ROADM line card for use in the Verizon Metro upgrade. Our qualification will be with a key OEM customer. We have already completed qualification of our CFP2 ACO at multiple customers and are in the qualification process with several others.      We also believe that Chinese service providers will begin domestic deployments of ROADMs in the second half of calendar 2017.      Finally, during the third quarter, we shipped many thousands of our high-powered VCSEL arrays for 3D sensing. We are continuing to add manufacturing capacity in anticipation of strong demand from this application in the second half of calendar year 2017.      And now with that, I'm going to turn it back over to Karen and open it up for questions.  Karen? 
